Overview: 

 E-Book is an online application to be built as a product that can be catering to various customers who require purchasing books. 



Users of the System: 

Admin 
Customer 


Functional Requirements: 

Build an application that customers can access and purchase books online. 
The application should have signup, login, profile, dashboard page, and product page. 
This application should have a provision to maintain a database for customer information, order information and product portfolio. 
Also, an integrated platform required for admin and customer. 
Administration module to include options for adding / modifying / removing the existing product(s) and customer management. 
Users can order only if the stock quantity is available. 


Technology Stack 

 

Front End 

React 

Google Material Design  

Bootstrap / Bulma 



Server Side 

.Net Framework version 5.0

.Net WebAPI



Database 

MsSql Server





Platform Guidelines:



To run the command use Terminal in the platform.



React:

In the new terminal window go to the project file 'cd reactapp'

To create a component run 'npx create-react-app component_name'

To install dependency run 'npm install'

To start/run the application 'npm start'

Click port 8081 button to view the output.



.Net WebAPI:

In the new terminal window go to the project file 'cd dotnetapp'

To install dependency run 'dotnet add package '

To connect database use entity framework 'dotnet dotnet-ef '

To start/run the application 'dotnet run'

Click port 8080 button to view the output.



API Endpoint

click port 8080 and use that URL as API Endpoint for React



MySQL Setup:

sqlcmd -U sa

password: examlyMssql@123

To create a database:

create database database_name.

Git Commands:

To add the changes

git add ./reactapp/

git add ./dotnetapp/



To commit the changes

git commit -m "commit message"



To create a new branch

git branch -m branch_name



To push the code in repo

git push -u origin branch_name



To Pull the previous code

git pull origin branch_name